README.md, before:

# Arkansas Contract Extractor

AI-powered extraction system for Arkansas real estate contracts using GPT-4 Vision API.

## Features

- **100% Accuracy**: Extracts all needed fields from Arkansas real estate contracts
- **Vision API**: Uses GPT-4 Vision with ImageMagick for superior PDF processing
- **37+ Fields**: Comprehensive extraction including Para 13 fixtures
- **Cash & Financed**: Handles both purchase types automatically
- **Web Interface**: Simple upload interface for easy contract processing
- **Dual Output**: Returns both JSON and CSV formats

## Extracted Fields

- **Buyers & Property**: Names, address, property type
- **Purchase Details**: Cash/financed, amounts, loan types
- **Financial Terms**: Concessions, earnest money, non-refundable amounts
- **Contingencies**: Inspection, warranty, appraisal options
- **Important Dates**: Closing, acceptance, possession
- **Para 13 Fixtures**: Items included/excluded
- **Additional Terms**: Custom provisions and serial numbers
- **Contingencies**: Inspection, financing, appraisal requirements
- **Inclusions/Exclusions**: Fixtures, appliances, personal property
- **Disclosures**: Property condition, lead paint, home warranty
- **Special Terms**: HOA details, repairs, seller concessions

## Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
cd arkansas-contract-agent

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Build the project
npm run build
```

## Usage

### Process a Single Contract

```bash
npm run dev -- process ./contracts/sample.pdf
```

### Batch Process Multiple Contracts

```bash
npm run dev -- batch ./contracts/
```

### Start Development Server

```bash
npm run dev -- dev
# Server will start at http://localhost:3000
# SmythOS Studio UI at http://localhost:3000/studio
```

### Deploy to SmythOS Cloud

```bash
npm run deploy
```

## API Usage

```typescript
import { ArkansasContractProcessor } from './src/index';

const processor = new ArkansasContractProcessor();

// Process a single contract
const result = await processor.processContract('./contract.pdf');

if (result.success) {
  console.log('Extracted data:', result.data);
  
  // Access specific fields
  const buyers = result.data.parties.buyers;
  const purchasePrice = result.data.financial.purchasePrice;
  const closingDate = result.data.dates.closingDate;
}
```

## Output Formats

### JSON Output
Complete structured data with all extracted fields, validation results, and metadata.

### CSV Output
Simplified tabular format with key contract fields for spreadsheet analysis.

### Summary Output
Human-readable summary highlighting important terms and any concerns.

## Arkansas-Specific Validations

The agent validates contracts against Arkansas requirements including:
- Earnest money must be held in trust
- Typical inspection period of 10 days
- Closing timeline between 15-90 days
- Required property condition disclosures
- Lead-based paint disclosure for pre-1978 homes

## Project Structure

```
arkansas-contract-agent/
├── src/
│   ├── agents/          # SmythOS agent definitions
│   ├── schemas/         # Contract data schemas
│   ├── skills/          # Agent skills and capabilities
│   ├── utils/           # Utility functions
│   └── index.ts         # Main entry point
├── tests/               # Test files
├── docs/                # Documentation
└── config/              # Configuration files
```

## Environment Variables

```bash
# SmythOS Configuration
SMYTHOS_API_KEY=your_api_key
SMYTHOS_REGION=us-east-1

# OpenAI (for GPT-4)
OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_key

# Development
NODE_ENV=development
DEBUG=true
```

## Testing

```bash
# Run tests
npm test

# Run with sample contract
npm run dev -- process ./tests/fixtures/sample-contract.pdf
```

## Deployment Options

### SmythOS Cloud
Deploy directly to SmythOS managed infrastructure with automatic scaling.

### On-Premises
Export the agent and run on your own infrastructure.

### Hybrid
Keep sensitive data processing local while using cloud for non-sensitive operations.

## Error Handling

The agent handles various error scenarios:
- Invalid or corrupted PDFs
- Missing critical contract sections
- Non-standard contract formats
- OCR failures for scanned documents

## Performance

- Average processing time: 10-30 seconds per contract
- Batch processing: Up to 10 contracts in parallel
- Accuracy rate: 95%+ for standard Arkansas contracts

## Security

- All data processed locally by default
- No contract data stored permanently
- Credentials managed through SmythOS Vault
- Role-based access control available

## Support

For issues or questions:
- Check the [documentation](./docs/)
- Submit issues on GitHub
- Contact support through SmythOS dashboard

## License

MIT License - See LICENSE file for details

## Contributing

Contributions welcome! Please read CONTRIBUTING.md for guidelines.

---

Built with SmythOS and Claude Code

Commit message:

Version 1.0 - First stable Railway deployment with full feature set

README.md, after:

# Arkansas Contract Extractor

**Version 1.0** - Production Ready on Railway ✅

AI-powered extraction system for Arkansas real estate contracts using GPT-4 Vision API.

## Features

- **100% Accuracy**: Extracts all needed fields from Arkansas real estate contracts
- **Vision API**: Uses GPT-4 Vision with ImageMagick for superior PDF processing
- **37+ Fields**: Comprehensive extraction including Para 13 fixtures
- **Cash & Financed**: Handles both purchase types automatically
- **Email Monitoring**: Automated IMAP monitoring with attachment processing
- **Seller Net Sheets**: Professional PDF generation with accurate calculations
- **Agent Info Sheets**: Summary documents for listing agents
- **Google Integration**: Sheets for data lookup, Drive for document storage
- **Railway Deployment**: Fully deployed and running on Railway platform
- **Dual Output**: Returns both JSON and CSV formats

## Extracted Fields

- **Buyers & Property**: Names, address, property type
- **Purchase Details**: Cash/financed, amounts, loan types
- **Financial Terms**: Concessions, earnest money, non-refundable amounts
- **Contingencies**: Inspection, warranty, appraisal options
- **Important Dates**: Closing, acceptance, possession
- **Para 13 Fixtures**: Items included/excluded
- **Additional Terms**: Custom provisions and serial numbers
- **Contingencies**: Inspection, financing, appraisal requirements
- **Inclusions/Exclusions**: Fixtures, appliances, personal property
- **Disclosures**: Property condition, lead paint, home warranty
- **Special Terms**: HOA details, repairs, seller concessions

## Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
cd arkansas-contract-agent

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Build the project
npm run build
```

## Usage

### Process a Single Contract

```bash
npm run dev -- process ./contracts/sample.pdf
```

### Batch Process Multiple Contracts

```bash
npm run dev -- batch ./contracts/
```

### Start Development Server

```bash
npm run dev -- dev
# Server will start at http://localhost:3000
# SmythOS Studio UI at http://localhost:3000/studio
```

### Deploy to SmythOS Cloud

```bash
npm run deploy
```

## API Usage

```typescript
import { ArkansasContractProcessor } from './src/index';

const processor = new ArkansasContractProcessor();

// Process a single contract
const result = await processor.processContract('./contract.pdf');

if (result.success) {
  console.log('Extracted data:', result.data);
  
  // Access specific fields
  const buyers = result.data.parties.buyers;
  const purchasePrice = result.data.financial.purchasePrice;
  const closingDate = result.data.dates.closingDate;
}
```

## Output Formats

### JSON Output
Complete structured data with all extracted fields, validation results, and metadata.

### CSV Output
Simplified tabular format with key contract fields for spreadsheet analysis.

### Summary Output
Human-readable summary highlighting important terms and any concerns.

## Arkansas-Specific Validations

The agent validates contracts against Arkansas requirements including:
- Earnest money must be held in trust
- Typical inspection period of 10 days
- Closing timeline between 15-90 days
- Required property condition disclosures
- Lead-based paint disclosure for pre-1978 homes

## Project Structure

```
arkansas-contract-agent/
├── src/
│   ├── agents/          # SmythOS agent definitions
│   ├── schemas/         # Contract data schemas
│   ├── skills/          # Agent skills and capabilities
│   ├── utils/           # Utility functions
│   └── index.ts         # Main entry point
├── tests/               # Test files
├── docs/                # Documentation
└── config/              # Configuration files
```

## Environment Variables

```bash
# SmythOS Configuration
SMYTHOS_API_KEY=your_api_key
SMYTHOS_REGION=us-east-1

# OpenAI (for GPT-4)
OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_key

# Development
NODE_ENV=development
DEBUG=true
```

## Testing

```bash
# Run tests
npm test

# Run with sample contract
npm run dev -- process ./tests/fixtures/sample-contract.pdf
```

## Deployment Options

### SmythOS Cloud
Deploy directly to SmythOS managed infrastructure with automatic scaling.

### On-Premises
Export the agent and run on your own infrastructure.

### Hybrid
Keep sensitive data processing local while using cloud for non-sensitive operations.

## Error Handling

The agent handles various error scenarios:
- Invalid or corrupted PDFs
- Missing critical contract sections
- Non-standard contract formats
- OCR failures for scanned documents

## Performance

- Average processing time: 10-30 seconds per contract
- Batch processing: Up to 10 contracts in parallel
- Accuracy rate: 95%+ for standard Arkansas contracts

## Security

- All data processed locally by default
- No contract data stored permanently
- Credentials managed through SmythOS Vault
- Role-based access control available

## Support

For issues or questions:
- Check the [documentation](./docs/)
- Submit issues on GitHub
- Contact support through SmythOS dashboard

## License

MIT License - See LICENSE file for details

## Contributing

Contributions welcome! Please read CONTRIBUTING.md for guidelines.

---

Built with SmythOS and Claude Code
